[Music]
this is my life this is my passion this
is like sad boy
hey guys I care for my except NORTHCOM
work here at Beaufort artery mountain
we're in Missouri and today we're here
to review the new Spider of 30 now this
is a new bow out from from point got a
little bit new a little bit of a
different riders design to it then some
of the older boys could solve the
standstill the limb pockets there it's
got the rkt cam and a half on it on a
rocket cam whatever you want to call it
this also has the new air shock
vibration dampening system on it and
like I said this is the spider 30 so
it's a little bit longer or a little bit
shorter this is also available in 34 and
the spider turbo so Ivo speeds on this
is 330 Ray Sykes 6 and 3/4 people in the
wrong way
garlic is available for 28 to 30 inches
with this cam now you can change that
out just by changing it you got to
change the cam it's about two inches of
draw adjustments / cam so this is the
number three cam so you got about 28 to
30 inch drawings available on this one
and so we're going to take it we're
going to shoot it here with a chrono
this and then we're gonna take it back
with a little bit more this is the point
spider 3029 it's drawing 70 pounds 392
bear
can you see those in the fender inside
your air shock can you see yes
yes the spider 30 with the new air
shocks on it pretty impressed with the
bow overall the Mara shock seemed to do
pretty well with Jordan vibration-free
good solid feeling bow I really liked it
at full draw it feels good and solid
good pin Valley to it really nice macro
wall overall good finish on it good look
to the boat really like the way it looks
the new riser design looks pretty cool
print out pretty decent speech getting
300 feet per second with the setup that
we have roller guard on it just a good
smooth feeling bogan vibration seems
like them air shocks really do a good
job of absorbing vibration and overall
I'm very very impressed with this Moe I
don't like it I really like this book
good grip - it feels nice I like that
wooden rear foot point really settles in
good and like I said one of the things I
was impressed with most when you get it
at full draw this boat feels really
solid it just a really good solid sheet
platform good finish on I don't see any
flaws or anything like that but we're
all and just very impressive very very
impressive boat from Hawaii that is the
spider circuit
[Music]
you